Re: RE-Pract | Validation Material

Dear Andreas, Xavi, and Daniel:

As discussed in our last call, please find attached all materials for the validation of our RE-Pract codes.
The ZIP archive holds three subfolders and two PDFs (plus this email as a txt file for your quick reference).

The two PDFs in the main folder are relevant for all of you.
They contain 
(1)	the instructions I kindly ask you to follow when performing the code validation for "your" variables (in the respective “Validation” sections), and
(2)	the supplementary information referenced in the instructions.

The subfolders are labeled with your initials and are relevant only for the person indicated by the initials.
Daniel and I decided to distribute the validation tasks as follows:
-	Andreas: Validation of all "short free text" responses (many separate files but only few entries to check);
-	Daniel: Validation of all "long free text" responses (positive and negative reasoning, research wish lists, further comments), plus the top-level facets "how" and "with whom" in the paper mapping;
-	Xavi: Validation of the top-level facet "what" for the paper mapping (i.e., validating the tags characterizing the content of the one-sentence paper summaries).

Please perform your validation and email Daniel and me the results until Monday, April 16 (inclusive), and treat the process as a test for the NaPiRE validation procedure.
Be conservative in your edits, i.e., perform a "plausibility" or "defensibility" check only (make the minimum amount of changes necessary for the result to be accepted as “overall reasonable” by the community).
The files you receive are already the result of my regular expressions PLUS my manual post-regex-correction (that is, I went through printouts of all codes/tags manually and created updated csv files from the changes I annotated).
If you embrace conservatism, the entire validation procedure should not cost you more than an afternoon (or one-and-a-half afternoons in your case, Xavi).

Since the entire process is also a test for NaPiRE, please let Daniel and me know if you have any suggestions for improvements or if any of the instructions contained in the PDFs are unclear.
Also, let me know if you have any questions (be it regarding the process you ought to follow, the content of the files I prepared for you, or the rationales behind any of them).
Thank you very much for your collaboration!

Best,
Corinna

PS: I hope you can all meet the deadline. If you feel you cannot possibly meet it, let Daniel and me know as soon as possible so that we can attempt to redistribute the workload.


